Here comes another!
[snarling]
[roaring]
[defeated roar]
[pained grunts]
Did... Did it work?
Dai: Yeah.
Dai!
I-I'm okay.
Don't worry. I just feel
a little worn out.
[victorious chuckle]
I knew... using
Doruora twice...
was gonna take its toll...
But... the only reason
I was able to pull that off
is 'cause you could tell
what I was thinking.
Thanks for the help.
Honestly, though.
What made you think to try
using Doruora twice in a row?
When I realized that Vearn
used that staff of his
to withstand the impact
of my first attack,
I figured if I could
throw another one,
he wouldn't be strong enough
to hold back the power of both.
Then I remembered
the Healing Feathers
that Master Avan gave you
and it all clicked.
Right. I get it.
It wouldn't work unless he was
too distracted to dodge you...
But if he was stuck using his
staff to block you instead,
it gave you a chance
to fire the second attack
while the energy of the
first was still there...
He must've been hit
with their combined force.
There's no way...
he could've survived.
It all happened so quickly,
it's kind of hard to believe
that it happened at all...
One things for sure, though:
Only the Dragon Knight
could have done it.
To strike something with
Doruora multiple times...
That's a destructive force that
normally shouldn't
even be possible.
You're right. It's
because it was King Vearn.
Leona: Huh?
He's probably... the only
being in the whole world
with enough power to
block a Doruora spell.
Nobody else can do that.
But it turns out,
he was too strong...
Because in the end,
his strength...
is what forced me
to go beyond my limits
and hit him with something
that was even greater.
I guess it just goes to show,
no matter how strong you are,
there's always somebody
stronger out there.
Oh, come on.
Can't you just be
proud of yourself?
You did it, little Hero.
Leona: You've defeated
the Dark King!
Popp: That shockwave
was pretty big...
It's a miracle this
castle's still intact.
Let's hope it
came from Dai...
Otherwise, he's in trouble.
We'd better go find out.
Very well...
And what should we
do about this one, huh?
Why don't we just
leave him where he is?
He's not putting up a
fight like this - so...
If he's not a threat anymore,
there's no need
to finish him off.
Right? Tell him, Hyunckel.
We can show him mercy.
What matters is making
sure Dai's okay.
You are way too forgiving.
Just think of how many times
this guy has pulled
a fast one on us.
Lon Beruk said that we
should take care of him
when we get the chance...
Well, here it is.
If we don't do it now -
we're gonna regret it.
So what?
Even if you're right,
if Dai loses to Vearn,
none of this
will matter anyway.
Let's get moving, or
we will really regret it.
Infighting? Really?
I've never seen such abysmal
teamwork at a crucial moment -
Honestly, the Royal
Guard's coordination
puts you to shame...
[shocked gasp]
[alarmed grunts]
But how?
In his state, he shouldn't
be able to move a muscle.
Is he immortal?
How about now?
Do you still feel like mercy's
the right way to go, Maam?!
Told you so.
Okay... Hym?
Oh, I'm way
ahead of you, kid.
Don't you worry.
Let's go!
Your Majesty...
please forgive me.
I cannot defy you, but...
That's enough of your
senseless babbling!
Mystvearn: I've been left
with no other choice.
For the first time...
without receiving your
permission to do so...
I must reveal my true
and mighty form.
Th-th-that's...
So that's what
Mystvearn's face looks like.
Larhart [thought]: A human?
No... He's a Darkling...
Crocodine [thought]:
So this is his true face...
The one that struck fear
into the heart of Lon Beruk
is really that
of this young man?
Hyunckel [thought]:
This presence...
I... I recognize it.
[pained cries]
Hyunckel [thought]:
All that force...
from just a simple push?
Mystvearn: How terrifying...
Yes, I've done
something truly terrifying.
Not even I am able to
escape whatever punishment...
the Dark King decides I should
face for breaking my vow to him.
With such a grave offense,
my fate will be unavoidable.
A harsh sentence,
however, revealing this face
is that great of a crime.
Especially since...
I've done it without
King Vearn's permission.
I hope you're bluffing.
Because I'm not
seeing anything special.
What's so great about a
pompous mug like yours, anyway?
No, wait. Don't - Hym!
Hym [thought]: What
overwhelming malice!
Perhaps you're not quite
as thick as I thought.
You clearly have some sense
of the power which I wield.
Hym [thought]:
Is that what this is?
Am I... Am I really
being overwhelmed
by the mere pressure
of his presence?
How can that be?
As far as I can tell,
just by looking at him,
he's your run-of-the-mill
Darkling...
And his Dark Aura
was much stronger
while he still
had his mask on...
It's like something even
worse has taken its place.
Very good. You should
be afraid of this...
I know I certainly am.
Hym: [scoff]
Afraid? No chance.
If you're looking
for something to fear,
then why don't
you fear this?!
Hym, stop. You're no
match for him.
Aura Knuckle!
Hym: What?
[pained howl]
You've gotta be kidding me.
Orichalcum...
Torn like paper...
Hyunckel [thought]: It would
take an incredible amount
of force to twist
Hym's arm off like that...
Yet he did it so casually.
And not by using
his opponent's
strength against
them like I would...
He doesn't need to do that...
Mystvearn can do it
with his own two hands.
H-Hey! What are
you doing with my arm?
My... how very
impressive, Larhart.
A strike from any
average opponent...
wouldn't leave a
dent in Orichalcum.
[pained groans]
Mystvearn: The fact
that you shattered
that arm in a single blow...
is a testament of your
exceptional strength...
Nevertheless...
Mystvearn: You and that
insufferable pawn...
may be warriors of
the highest order...
some of the finest the
Surface World has ever known...
But here, facing
me in this form,
you have no hope
of prevailing.
This face you see...
belongs to the strongest
being of the Underworld ever.
Both: What?!
Yeah right. Then what
about King Vearn, huh?
Surely the Dark King is
greater than his henchman.
His Majesty is
indeed a great man.
In our realm, his wisdom
and Magic Power...
hold unparalleled influence...
But in terms... of shall
we say practical power...
my current form
is well beyond his.
So, yes...
In a manner of speaking,
I am stronger than King Vearn.
Without my mask,
I'm the strongest being
in all the Dark Army.
There. That should do the trick.
I feel better.
Okay. I'm starting to
worry about the others.
Let's head back to
the White Garden
and make sure they're safe.
Uh... H-Huh?
What the...
Are you all right? I thought
you said you feel better.
I'm fine, just...
I dunno. My body still feels
a little weak for some reason.
That's weird...
I mean, was that supposed
to get me back to the level
I was at before the fight?
A Fullheal didn't
fully heal you?
Are you serious?
Uh, I guess so.
But, hey...
I do feel better than after
I conjured that Doruora.
What are you talking about?
That means you've
only recovered
what you would
have naturally.
The spell didn't do a thing.
To have a
Fullheal cast on you
and not fully recover your
stamina - it's impossible.
Wait. I take that back.
It is possible...
Huh?
Hyunckel mentioned it earlier.
Damage that comes
from Dark Aura attacks
can't be repaired with
Healing-type magic...
Maybe damage from
Draconic Aura...
can't be undone
using spells either.
In which case,
if the rebound from your
double Doruora left
you with any injuries,
I can't patch them up.
Even my best spells can't
do anything to change that.
There must be
something we can do.
Well, on the bright side...
at least we've already
defeated Vearn.
I think either we let
you heal naturally,
or keep throwing Fullheals at
you until one of them sticks.
You might even have
to retire, Hero.
Retirement really isn't what
I had in mind right now.
Hey, there's no need
rush it right now.
Mystvearn might
be strong, but relax.
There's no way that
he's stronger than
the Dark King himself.
If Larhart and the
others have all teamed up
to take him on
together, they're fine.
Getting you back to full power
should be our top priority.
Besides, until we do,
we won't be much help.
And we should be prepared.
As a matter of fact,
if you go like this,
all you'll do is
get in their way.
Gee, thanks. You sure know
how to cheer a guy up.
Dai: But I guess that bluntness
is what makes you so reliable.
"Reliable"?!
What kind of
compliment is that?
[laughing]
Dai [thought]: If
it's really over...
then why do I still feel
this trembling in my heart?
I... I have... this
terrible feeling...
that something bad
is going to happen.
Popp: No way...
You really expect us to believe
that you're stronger than Vearn?
Don't be ridiculous.
What are you saying...
That the big boss
of the Dark Army
has actually been
you all along?
That you rank
above your own king?
Say something, pasty-face!
What is there to say?
With your meager intellect,
even if I explained my
relationship with the Dark King,
you wouldn't understand.
But the answer to
your first question
is easy enough to grasp...
Believe it or not,
you are correct.
Then... You mean,
you're really...
Maam [thought]: If it's true...
If he's as strong as he says...
That means his power is
beyond human comprehension.
And if it's greater than
Vearn's, we're no match.
You should be grateful
to die in such a way.
Some live centuries and
experience little...
Consider yourselves lucky
to witness the might
of my true form.
This gift of death is
far beyond what you deserve.
Hym [thought]:
Nothing is working.
Larhart [thought]: But no
matter what he thinks,
we're not going
down without a fight.
Crocodine [thought]: It may
seem as if we're powerless
against him like this....
but if we can slow him
down enough to attack...
Hyunckel [thought]:
We still have
one last option
up our sleeve.
All [thought]: Medroa!
Popp [thought]: I feel
a very uncomfortable
amount of expectation
on my shoulders...
Talk about pressure.
If I cast the spell head on,
he might deflect it...
And in that case, I'm toast.
But he ain't exactly
slow either...
I'll have to
time this just right.
Hey...
I think I've got an idea.
Heal me so I can fight again.
I'll get him in
a hold and make sure
he can't worm
his way out of it.
As soon as I've got
him in the open,
hit him with that big
spell of yours. Got it?
No... I couldn't...
Don't be stupid.
There's no time to argue here.
Can't you see? If it's
either me or everybody else.
You mustn't hesitate.
Mystvearn: You still aren't
ready to give up the fight?
I'll give you this:
Your bravery is commendable.
Even against my
overwhelming power,
none of you have
lost a shred of hope.
With resolve like that,
I can see how you once
survived facing King Vearn.
Now that's more like it.
Time for your
finishing move, Mage.
Don't forget what I
told you, all right?
Let him have it.
We're not playing chess.
You may be a
metallic life form...
But... I can't sacrifice you.
Everything is chess, Popp.
If you don't make this move,
you and that girl
you love are finished.
If my life is all
it costs to spare you,
consider it a bargain.
W-Wh... Why does
a random enemy -
or reformed enemy -
know so much about
my love life?
Hym [thought]: Buddy,
it's pretty obvious.
Both of you, quit squabbling.
You need to focus.
We're counting on you.
Don't let us down.
Popp: Everyone...
There you have it. Let's go.
Larhart [thought]:
I don't know exactly what
these two are planning,
but if it's a gamble,
then I want in on the action.
Here goes.
Prepare yourself
for round two!
As for the rest of you,
keep your distance and
wait for the right moment.
Stick to ranged
attacks. Understood?
Whoa...
Even when Larhart and Hym go
at him at the same time...
They aren't landing any hits.
Hym [thought]: No, it's not that
our attacks aren't landing...
Larhart [thought]:
It's just like before...
Some of these strikes are
definitely hitting their mark...
And yet...
Damnit! If that's the case...
Then how about this?!
[pained cry]
I can't cast
Medroa that quick...
No, no...
He's so strong I can't
even hold him in place.
[roaring]
Crocodine [thought]: My Beast
King Indomitable Blast
isn't even slowing him down?
No - Crocodine!
That was close! Are you okay?
Yeah.
Thanks for that. I never
expected to be saved by a rat.
Hyunckel [thought]:If only
I could move more freely...
If only I could fight.
Popp [thought]:
He's just too strong.
I hate to
disappoint everybody,
but we just lost our only shot
at using Medroa against him!
He doesn't look that bad.
He what?
Are you seriously admiring his
looks at a time like this?!
You've always had
a thing for bad boys,
but this is a little far.
I mean, come on.
That's not what I
meant, you dumb-dumb.
What I'm saying is,
he's taken an unbelievable
beating - even with the mask.
I know I hit him square in the
face with my Refractor Fist,
but just look at him...
There's not a bruise
or a scratch on him.
How can that be?
Popp: You're right.
I dunno...
Maybe it's some
kind of magic.
Mr. Beast: Maam.
Maam: Grand Master?!
Mr. Beast: No, no. Right
now I'm still Mr. Beast.
Huh?
Wait a minute. Is this guy...
Mr. Beast: It's hardly
important right now.
Is this true, Maam?
Are you sure you hit him in the
face with your Refractor Fist?
Yes.
Mr. Beast: I see.
Yes, that must be it...
I believe I've just uncovered
the secret of
Mystvearn's immortality.
Mr. Beast: Immortal
and indestructible
are different things.
Mystvearn may be
immune to damage,
but the Refractor Fist
has given his game away.
As you know, it overcharges
an opponent's
biological functions.
Any living creature
who took a direct hit
would be left with
some sort of mark.
There's only one explanation.
He isn't alive at all.
Since he has no biological
functions, he remains unscathed.
Both: What?!
Mr. Beast: Fear not, Popp.
I will give you a chance
to cast your Medroa spell.
H-Hang on. Are you
out of your mind?
Mr. Beast:
Depends who you ask.
Mr. Beast: Now, as
I'm sure you remember,
I suffer from a rather nasty
case of Glossy Ankleitis.
I can't fight for long
before it starts flaring up,
so make good use
of this chance...
Because you won't
get another!
Popp [thought]:
Didn't Brokeena's illness
have something to
do with his butt?
Forget about that.
Ankles and butts are the
least of my worries right now.
What's this?
Sending a clown to buy
time for the rest of you?
Mr. Beast: Funny
you mention time,
because the key to
your immortality...
Must be none other than...
the Secret Spell
of Frozen Time.
How do you know about
the Secret Spell?
You're not a clown...
so just who are you?
Mr. Beast: Please...
call me Mr. Beast.
Narrator: Now that Brokeena
has deduced the reason for
Mystvearn's seemingly
indestructible form...
He uses his agile moves to hold
their adversary's attention
while Popp searches for the
window to unleash his Medroa.
But has the
wizened grandmaster
unveiled all of
Mystvearn's secrets?
And will Popp's spell
be powerful enough
to overcome the mightiest
being in the Underworld?
Find out on
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"The Secret Spell
of Frozen Time".